came on okay we are in the finals now
are we not yep final grab it against
something taking this home amazing Wade
with the hell you play Oh plant other
person's gonna drew everybody see it see
it is rabbit we saw it first turn rabbit
is godly oh my god show YouTube the same
let's pretend that's been when I might
be your so hey I want your team this is
winning for us yeah I don't Harold of
orange light good comma comma comma club
see it sold the old Sam with I had the
hair later I should hope so you scarred
machi or the destructor and play
bottomless from your hand are we so cool
is there any even any way to do that in
traditional format I don't think it's an
ultimate loggia holy commitment
will end my turn with my walking solemn
judgment is perpetual Oh defense yeah
wow I was really awesome that that's
really awesome if I went away first I
would've been way better off oh my god
what do i do what do i do play rabbits
for the next four turns play rabbits for
4 turns dream see this hand because you
didn't go first this is so dice roll
format right
Thanks roll format format is Wayne's
favorite word format logical action I
think he missed uses it too much
McCollum is my favorite watchamacallit
spin to the chocolate bar or the turn of
phrase ah or both you just said I was
thinking I'm your turn a phrase yeah
funny funny but it just comes in to make
an appearance caught of avarice is
you're my teammate is just trying to
help your team a try and beat him that's
a fan you just don't even run over it
it's a cyber jar I hope you know
friendship is friendship is thicker than
water okay you're positive on that one
that makes just as much water okay
here's the king of all fields oh god
about a horse that back row yes yep I
don't think Wayne has returned oh he's
gonna let it go I have a trap well
you're going to see my hand and see why
I wish I wish I honestly can't even
concentrate was doing time for 23 that's
47 take another tour guide y Lenny or
whatever he gets actually he needs an
adverse there we go yeah yeah you can't
blame you can't blame or bunnies until
he draws it to go i but we can't play
more evos or wait a minute i don't
always listen to what I'm saying that's
fair and I demonstrate that of my videos
of a turn-on usually my treasure that's
a lot of good if you didn't have
that field oh well the reaper is
definitely the thing going definitely
cuz I don't need your style me or know
anything without second oh my god i'm
thinking i should under king is looking
pretty happy why did you google space
laboratory you give that sure i don't
think you can take away from my onedrive
you can keep that first i hate you all
here with that what i did is partially
so we would let down to this I'll see if
I a Draper to my hand I put back Danny
there's going to 14 1 plus poor someone
Thunder can try to pop over the levee r
which is a waste of time and useless for
any move on make every the yellow boy
crush me after this victory for this
obvious inset office every borough many
hoped eventually drawn to another and
just make a game lasts for like half an
hour until you forced defensive play
yeah I like how your camera yeah it's
discarded yes nobody looks at it though
last time I looked at his channel he had
an iron chain deck type I'm a deck
profile I was underwhelmed really it was
dating one turn on avarice my turn it's
made you say turn one and point to the
rabbit when you have a written by Robin
just go from you got a
Oh funny that he can't play yet matter
five min rabbin what I'm tired I'm so
tired okay probably yes game yeah
whatever okay that was bad that's what
Kong yeah rabbit and attack you first
turn hand is what caused the way